[Music]
actually went slower oh this is what it
looks like you know this is what it
looks like width the grouping okay so
you can see and actually have messages
with people I know here on my home
screen if i turn the feature off this
thing so now suddenly I have all these
carrier messages that are back in this
whole page just full of messages dips
for okay and then I can show you what
I'm just even finding shapes appears so
this is the this is the HDFC bank s
message that I again so these folks
pieces again every time I use my card it
used to be that when you when you
highlighted this text you have to get
the entire thing yeah but here you can
just click the button and then when you
paste it it just tastes best those ages
just use the people on default yeah look
but phones are really personal and they
really shouldn't look like that right so
that the new default you eyes are very
different for different people this
one's rose aid you know it has a certain
style it has this design pattern at the
bottom of luxury goods here the icons
are totally different we switch to
another default UI
this is Hugo's favor my favorite we
switch the house looks good I mean it
looks good for you right but like
someone else might in a different UI too
and this is the same device but it's
basically a totally different to feel
this thing my favorite is the LOX cream
yeah I just think it looks really
awesome yeah especially with so we don't
have unfortunately don't have the
colored me for eyes but some of these
some of these just look a lot better
like for example the pink before I yeah
kinda looks weird with you know Olivia
you I thank bless ya computer so icons
are more bubbly like a different set of
colors in different backgrounds there
[Music]
this is the other default UI ocean
breeze ok so again it's like a pretty
pretty stark quite different typically
what people do one of the easiest things
to do is just make the font bigger yeah
but what we did is actually change the
layout so I mean if you notice the size
of the input screen is actually the size
of the text which if you just make the
font bigger a lot of phones it just
overflows yeah terapia you know we made
these bubbles wider so that it fits more
of the message we change things like you
know this timer is actually larger than
we change the font usually I could just
change you know specific might just be
the text here and this applies to every
every system app it also works in
third-party apps but obviously
third-party apps don't necessarily have
like layout is for the fonts so so the
change in text says will reflect on like
the entire or text content of the UN
yeah
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
yeah yeah all right so normal you have
to go listen to this whole message but
you can just go ahead english
international travel you know check into
my flight and then we submit the
commands with with the delays so then
once the spinach is it just goes to that
okay so you can s option hey whoa so it
saves you a lot of time because if you
were to do it before you know we call
back and try to get to that option
so are you guys tighten up with
companies or is it like that so this one
actually we just called and basically
index the numbers ourselves so we let me
record it ourselves it's actually the
only Hindi I know is from this feature
so I can just like say for Hindi press
one that's pretty pretty much it